I remember now.
Chen Shixian
You and Amy lured me to the edge of the cliff
You made an excuse to prepare a birthday surprise for me
But you and Amy helped me push off a cliff
I just want to give you a taste of life over death
Silently he is lying
Min, you are my best friend.
I believe you.
Hum Chen boasts
Not a thing
Even if you want to make money, you have to kill your wife
It was Amy who must have bewitched you
Wife Chen Shixian
You are such a devil
Use all the women who love you
Treat them as stepping stones
As long as it has no value
Just kick it away
Wife wife
Don't get me wrong.
Mr. Chen
We're divorced.
Please respect yourself.
What!
divorce